
1.店铺日常操作：更新/上传产品，装点门面（橱窗），更新板块例如：流量快车  关联产品模板  
2 推广：款式+关键词（轮流推广：高库存款式，新回款） 
3.数据分析 效果反馈 调整计划  
4.关注订单详情：感谢+基本信息确认（产品有变动 沟通和确认务必及时！！！！）




商铺- 橱窗管理- NewArrivals 放bong，Hot Items 放Pipe，Free Shipping 放配件 7天更新排序
推广营销- 流量快车产品 更新
推广营销- 敦煌产品营销系统- 商品手动广告
推广营销- 促销活动
数据智囊- 行业分析- 行业搜索词
产品- 模板管理 设置bong和handpipe的模板，关联到产品




确认信：
 

Pls confirm if the shipment info is correct

Contact Name:Chris Keller
Address Line 1:656 Washington st
Address Line 2:
City:Brighton
State:Massachusetts
Country:United States
Postal Code:02135
Phone Number:1-3392378962



纠纷补发或补偿
Hi dear.
Here are the solutions for you.
1. Reach the agreement and refund 5$ as a compensation 
2. Close the dispute and we re-send a blue bowl to you


If the bowl is not affected the usage, we would like to take the option 1 :)
 As option 2 might take a long time to arrive.

Please advise.
Sorry for any inconvenience this might be caused.


查看物流
Hello friend, your package arrived in usa yesterday. It was updated. Did you check it yet?
Please note and contact the local facility and get the package delivered and let us know it have other problem

造成不便
Sorry for any inconvenience that might cause.

有批发就开货
We will keep you informed if this item is back in stock. Also, production will begin once we get the wholesale order.

海关返回
Hi friend. We are sorry the package was returned by the customs.
Can we send again?
Or do you want a refund?
退货原因
The reason for sending back is the shipment channel changed. And we will use a new way to get it shipped again.
重发货多些耐心等待
Ok, we will send it again. Thank you for your patience!


没货
Hello Samantha,

Thank you for your support of our store.
The item was not available now.
Would you like to take the similar one, please? as an attachment

It is also pretty and well function!!

Awaiting your reply.
Thank  you.


未付款
Hello Yessi B

Thank you for your support of our store.

We noticed you placed an order but did not pay.
The item is available and can be shipped ASAP once payment is made.


If there is any problem, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Thanks


退款：
Hello Gerardo,

We noticed you just opened a refund submission.

Actually, this item can be shipped within the delivery timeline.

If you don't want it anymore. Could you please modify the request to "item not now required"?
So that we can handle the refund immediately!!!

Thank you!







运单号
https://www.17track.net/en






Hi Karlen Mueller,

There are some problems with your customization comments, 
This item can't custom image.
Please confirm the clear and purple version, Here are the reference pictures.

In addition, This bong might be closer to the smokable dildo you said.
https://www.dhgate.com/product/10-inches-dildo-bong-glass-water-pipe-hookahs/754647980.html

Awaiting your reply.
towergod22

如果您需要吸烟的假阳具，我们推荐 产品编号754647980
产品编号754647980 这款可能会更接近您说的smokable dildo
另外




Hello Karlen Mueller,

Thank you for your support of our store.

We have left messages below the order details dated June 15th.
The tracking number will be updated after getting your approval.

Thank you.
我们6月15号给您发了核对的站内信，请回复我们确认



The bong was shipped. Let's check with the shipping company about the status.




















即时沟通，联系买家
站内信
发24，投诉

https://seller.dhgate.com/sellerordmng/orderList/list.do?params.linkType=102&dhpath=10002,06,0601#DH-JY-1


我是敦煌网店铺的，由于系统错误，对此有问题吗？报价







 Hello friend, the product has been updated to one per pack.
 Regarding your order, please confirm that the delivery quantity is a total of 24 pieces, please let us know if we can deliver it?  Thank you.
 Sorry for any inconvenience that might cause.
 Awaiting your urgent reply.


 Hello friend, the product has been updated to one per pack.
 Regarding your order, please confirm that the delivery quantity is a total of one piece, please let us know if we can deliver it?  Thank you.
 Sorry for any inconvenience that might cause.
 Awaiting your urgent reply.


 Hello marcel guenette, How are you?
 This is Jason from classicglassshop on dhgate.
 The Captain Shield hand pipe you ordered in our store has been updated to one per pack. (order number: 3425748777)
 Please confirm that the delivery quantity is a total of one piece, please let us know if we can deliver it?  
 Thank you.

 Hello Robert Vital, How are you?
 This is Jason from classicglassshop on dhgate.
 The Captain Shield hand pipe you ordered in our store has been updated to one per pack. (order number: 3425387741)
 Please confirm that the delivery quantity is a total of 24 piece, please let us know if we can deliver it?  
 Thank you.




Sorry, There was a problem with the platform's system, resulting in an error in the unit. The price displayed for this product is the price of one piece.

what's up ，  i massage   ，facebook  ，  








Hello, this is Jason from classicglassshop in DHGate
你好，我是 DHGate 平台经典玻璃店的杰森

Your April 30 order for 24 3.2" Silicone Captain Shield Pipe has been updated to one per pack
您在 4 月 30 日订购的 24 个 3.2 英寸硅胶船长屏蔽管已更新为每包一个。

There was a problem with the platform's system, resulting in an error in the unit.
平台系统出现问题，导致单元出现错误。


Please confirm that the delivery quantity is a total of one piece
请确认发货数量为一共一件

We offer wholesale services, the price of ordering over 150 Captain Shield pipes is $9.50 a piece
我们提供批发服务，订购超过150件船长盾牌烟斗的价格是9.5美金一件


电话用语
Hello, is that Robert Vital speaking?
this is Jason from classicglassshop in DHGate website
We noticed that you placed an order on the dhgate website, but the product unit has changed.
Thank you for supporting our store.
Can your please go to the Dhagte to check our messages and reply to us?
It is very urgent. Thank you so much！







 样式改变
 Hello friend, the style of this product has been updated.
 The 8-arm tree percolator style inside is shown in the figure.
 Please confirm if we can deliver this item?
您订的烟枪只有透明色，没有粉红色 的
 Hello friend 
 Thank you for your support of our store!
 The bong you ordered is only clear, not pink
 Please confirm if we can deliver this item?







对不起，这件产品是50个起订，工厂那边是要收到50个的订单才能开生产线





Hello towergod22,

Thank you for your support of our store.

Your package has arrived in Los Angeles in April, please contact the post to pick it up.

Thank you!




Hello friend
The package is on the way
Please wait patiently






Hello friend
Thank you for your support of our store.

There was a problem with the platform's system, resulting in an error in the customize SKU.

Could you please cancel and place a new order?

Sorry for any inconvenience that might cause.
Thank you!



Hello friend

LW241552936CN is the transfer order number, it will take a few days to see the updated information. The package was returned, so the tracking number was changed


We noticed the previous order you made have not been handle in time. Could you please modify the reason to "item not noew required" so as to refund you the first order?








很抱歉，你订购的这款产品没有单个卖。 我知道你很喜欢这个产品，为了弥补你，我们愿意给你一个更好更贵的类似品，请看附件图片供你选择

Hello friend

Sorry, the product you ordered is not sold individually. 
We know you like this product very much, in order to make up for you, we are willing to give you a better and more expensive similar product,
please see the attached picture for your choice

Sorry for any inconvenience that might cause.

https://www.dhgate.com/product/9-inches-lava-lamp-percolator-bong-glass/768549979.html
https://www.dhgate.com/product/7-3-inches-honeycomb-bong-glass-water-pipe/754433339.html
https://seller.dhgate.com/syi/edit.do?designatedVersion=1&pid=766008364&page=1&biztype=3




























