产品- 模板管理 设置bong和handpipe的模板，关联到产品
商铺- 橱窗管理 7天更新排序
推广营销- 流量快车产品 更新



This item,this stuff,this piece, this unit...


熔融彩色烧结玻璃勺管
Melting Color Fritted Glass Spoon Pipe
Every stoner needs a good spoon pipe. Whether you're a newbie or a smoking veteran, you'll love using the 4.5-inch Melting Color Fritted Glass Spoon Pipe. 
旅行伴侣:
Featuring an awesome melting color design, this little beauty is the perfect travel companion that fits right in your pocket or purse. 
实惠，送礼：
 Priced affordably, this gorgeous pocket-friendly fritted glass spoon pipe makes the perfect gift for any smoker who loves color. 
https://www.smokecartel.com/collections/spoon/products/glassheads

巨型漩涡
Jumbo Swirl
https://www.smokecartel.com/collections/glass-hand-pipes/products/fumed-jumbo-swirl-spoon-pipe-colors-vary

Smoking is fun. It's even more fun when you use this Glass Monster Themed Spoon Pipe featuring a beautiful but kinda creepy monster. 
The pipe has a generous size bowl and a carb hole on the side for controlling your hits. Even though the smoke passage is narrow from the bowl to the stem, we recommend dropping a pipe screen in the bowl so you don't get any bits of herb in your mouth when you inhale.
很cool
This is a super cool heady glass pipe that's 5 inches long and made from thick and durable glass. 

发光：
Light up your night seshes with the Glow in the Dark Mushroom Spoon Pipe.
This pipe features a timeless spoon shape with a roomy bowl and a carb on the left. It's made with thick borosilicate glass and comes in a glowing green color, which makes it particularly cool for parties and festivals.




诗
This item just gives you that kind of confidence while high not afraid of breaking it easily. One of the handpicked items from our store!
The whole item is colored stripe painting , which is very artistic.
The medium-sized carburation hole is located on the left of the bowl.
We promised you an Excellent product and sincere customer service! One product for free ePacket shipment. Offer wholesales, drop shipment, and custom-made!
Based on its appearance and high quality, it will be your first choice as a gift to others.



用
This item just gives you that kind of confidence while high not afraid of breaking it easily. One of the handpicked items from our store!
Made from the finest quality, 4mm thick borosilicate glass, you can rest assured this pipe can take a bit of rough handling.
Mini-size pipe with a simple internal structure makes it easy for you to clean and maintain.
We promised you an Excellent product and sincere customer service! One product for free ePacket shipment. Offer wholesales, drop shipment, and custom-made!
 This pipe is made of thick and durable borosilicate glass that can withstand high heat. When you pick it up to use it, you'll love the weight of it and how great it feels in your hand. 

Based on its appearance and high quality, it will be your first choice as a gift to others.
Priced affordably, this gorgeous pocket-friendly fritted glass spoon pipe makes the perfect gift for any smoker who loves color. 
Every stoner needs a good spoon pipe. Whether you're a newbie or a smoking veteran, you'll love using this Glass Spoon Pipe. 

硅胶：
Silicone pipes provide better applicability and cost-effectiveness and are resistant to falling and high temperatures.
This pipe is made of thick and durable silicone that can withstand high heat. When you pick it up to use it, you'll love the weight of it and how great it feels in your hand.


The majority of our items are hand-blown glass tobacco pipes around 4" in height or length and are made in China.
Each piece is handmade, so what you get will be very similar to the one in the picture, but might not be identical.





If the attached product does not meet your requirements, we provide color and style customization. For more information please reach us.

This bong may meet your requirements
The style of the clear pipe can be customized. For more information please talk with us. Thank you.
















