title:
Glass Water Bongs		Bong		Glass bong		
Water Pipe	Glass Smoking Pipes		Glass Oil burner pipe
Dab Rig			Recycler Dab Rig	
Hookashs			Portable hookah
Smoking accessories		Tobacco smoking accessories

 
attr：
Joint Size		14mm
Height		5 inches
Color		Clear    		Transparent
Thickness		4mm
Net Weight	120g

Material: pyrex




产品特性：
总体：
High-quality borosilicate glass:
 Made from the finest quality, 4mm thick borosilicate glass, you can rest assured this bong can take a bit of rough handling.
 The bong is constructed from durable clear glass

Easy to clean and maintain:
 Mini size bong with a simple internal structure makes it easy for you to clean and maintain.
Easy to use and clean
Beaker base design:
 The bongs roomy beaker base enables the smoke to cool off more effectively than with a straight shooter and it also provides great stability. 
https://www.grasscity.com/glasscity-beaker-ice-bong-10-inch-black.html
Straight tube design
Beverage cans design
Glowing in the dark
High quality blue patterned glass construction
Decorated with colored tree root
This awesome beaker ice bong is ideal for enjoying on your own and big enough to share with friends.
不同颜色：
  It is available with different colored accents, so make sure to select your favorite color in the menu when you place your order.
https://www.grasscity.com/dopezilla-cyclops-straight-ice-bong-8-inch.html?nosto=frontpage-nosto-3
不同款式：
 It is available in different versions, so make sure to select your favorite version in the menu when you place your order.
夜间发光：
  Illuminate your late-night smoke sessions with this awesome Beaker Ice Bong with glow in the dark design.
  This glowing hemp leaf-themed ice bong delivers impressive, cool hits and is ideal for sharing with friends at big smoke sessions. 
https://www.grasscity.com/glow-in-the-dark-beaker-ice-bong-hemp-leaf-10-inch.html


头部：
Black rim on mouthpiece
Rimmed mouthpiece
Thick mouthpiece:
 The thick glass mouthpiece is rimmed, which makes it very comfortable to use for longer sessions.
鼓型吹嘴：
 The drum mouthpiece makes it very comfortable and convenient to use for longer sessions.
喇叭：
 The trumpet mouthpiece makes it very comfortable and convenient to use for longer sessions.
吸管：
 The straw mouthpiece makes it very comfortable and convenient to use for longer sessions.



颈部：
弯曲颈部 Bent neck ：
 The rimmed mouthpiece creates a good seal, and the angled neck enables you to enjoy the bubbler in a more relaxed smoking position.
冰孔 Ice notches:
 The ice notches act as a splash guard and enable you to place a few ice cubes in the bongs tube for extra cool rips. 
 Ice notches allow you to place a large amount of ice cubes in the tube, for a hit so fresh it will have you shiver. 
葫芦颈部：
 The gourd neck design effectively gives the final cooling to the smoke before you inhale.

downsteam&stoper：
固定下管 Fixed downstem：
 The sturdy bubbler works by pulling the smoke through the submerged slits in the diffuser downstem for filtration and cooling. 
https://www.grasscity.com/glass-dag-rig-with-fixed-diffuser-downstem.html
开缝下管 
Inside the base is a second slitted diffusion downstem, so you get a cooled, smooth hit and bubbling action that's fun to watch!
18.8mm ground joint
Inside-cut 18.8mm > 14.5mm slitted diffuser downstem:
  The sturdy design is equipped with a removable, inside-cut 18.8mm > 14.5mm slitted diffuser downstem that divided the smoke into smaller particles, allowing it to cool much more rapidly.
Ideal downstem length: 11 cm / 4.3 inches
14mm 公碗带手柄 固定下管：
 The piece is equipped with a fixed, reinforced downstem with a 14mm female joint and comes with a 14mm male herb bowl with a removal arm.
 The piece is equipped with a fixed, reinforced downstem with a smoke-shaped handle.
  The fixed diffuser downstem comes with a female 14mm joint, a male 14mm quartz banger, and a 14mm herb bowl. 
Clear glass slitted 4-arm tree percolator
  This percolator beaker ice bong comes complete with a large 14mm glass herb bowl with a roll stopper, which prevents the bowl from rolling around when placed on a flat surface.
花洒扩散器：
  As you inhale, the vapor gets pulled through the submerged slits in the showerhead diffuser for important filtration and cooling.
https://www.grasscity.com/glass-vapor-bubbler-with-showerhead-diffuser.html
  The dry herb bong delivers massive, clean hits thanks to the impressive double showerhead percolator set up that provides great filtration and cooling to the smoke.
https://www.grasscity.com/straight-bong-with-double-showerhead-perc-14-inches.html?nosto=frontpage-nosto-2

钉子圆顶
 The dome nail key component of a dab rig, it fits over the nail and captures the vapor of the tobacco concentrate. 
https://www.google.com/search?q=dome+nail&oq=dome+nail&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i512j0i22i30l2j0i22i30i457j0i22i30l5.681j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8


过滤器：
Turbine percolator
No carb hole
6-arm twisted tree percolator:
After the smoke swirls through the spacious beaker base it moves upward into the second chamber that features a twisted 6-arm tree percolator for another round of filtration.
4臂树形过滤器：
  The beaker base ice bong produces impressive hits thanks to the 4-arm tree percolator that not only provides great filtration but cools the smoke significantly for a much smoother hit.
https://www.grasscity.com/beaker-base-ice-bong-with-4-arm-tree-perc-12-inches.html
蜂窝盘式渗滤器：
  The bubbler generates clean filtered hits thanks to the two honeycomb discs percolators located in its body. 
https://www.grasscity.com/glasscity-honeycomb-bubbler-with-double-disc-perc.html
鼓式渗滤器：
  Delivers super filtered, frosty hits thanks to the drum percolators located in its straight tube. 
https://www.grasscity.com/straight-glass-ice-bong-with-double-slitted-drum-percs-17-7-inch-1.html
弹孔冰夹：ice pinch, catcher
  The bullet-hole ice pinch allows you to place a few ice cubes in the top of the tube, for that extra bit of cooling of the smoke that makes all the difference.
https://www.grasscity.com/dopezilla-cyclops-straight-ice-bong-8-inch.html?nosto=frontpage-nosto-3
垂饰过滤器:
 This solid bubble base bong comes with a fixed 14.5mm downstem with a slitted pendant percolator.
https://www.grasscity.com/snoop-dogg-pounds-atl-bubble-base-bong-with-pendant-perc.html
开缝扩散室：
 Inside the base is a second slitted diffusion chamber, so you get a cooled, smooth hit and bubbling action that's fun to watch!
https://www.grasscity.com/blaze-glass-mix-match-pipe-kit-series-7mm-glass-beaker-base-diffusion-chamber.html
球型过滤器：
After the smoke swirls through the spacious base it moves upward into the second chamber that features a ball percolator for another round of filtration.
基因过滤：（独特）
As you inhale, the vapor passes through a unique genetic filter that spins to provide filtration and cooling

底部：
Stable circular foot：
  The bubbler sits on a stable circular foot and is made from top-quality clear glass with matching colored glass accents throughout. 



High-quality borosilicate glass is thickened by 200%, with higher strength and purer transmittance.
Hand-made pot body has strong permeability, simplicity and elegance, and beautiful appearance.
Years of professional skills and strict craftsmanship ensure professional quality.
Factory-direct sales, abundant supply, preferential price, and quality assurance.
A variety of specifications are available and can be customized according to the buyer's requirements.




形状：
Lemon shaped smoking bong with kiwi shaped female herb bowl for a special smoking experience
Watermelon shaped smoking bong with strawberry-shaped female herb bowl for a special smoking experience





Our company is a manufacturer specializing in the production of glass water pipes and pipes.  
Mainly produce high borosilicate heat-resistant glass water pipes, water pipes, water pipes, silicone pipes, and glass pipes and pipes and pipes. 
All products  are made of dioxy acid glass and 100% quartz glass by hand blowing. Using high-oxygen-holding colored glass, selected materials, hand-made, pressed, polished, polished, and fired, years of exquisite craftsmanship and rigorous craftsmanship ensure product quality  , To ensure the crystal clear, heavy texture, high temperature resistance, corrosion resistance, strength resistance, hard resistance, sanitation and durability, easy to clean, beautiful and practical.  


 The ice notches act as a splash guard and enable you to place a few ice cubes in the bongs tube for extra cool rips.

This glowing tree root-themed ice bong delivers impressive, cool hits and is ideal for sharing with friends at big smoke sessions
多种颜色
 It is available in the blue and purple version, so make sure to select your favorite color on the menu when you place your order.

Made from the finest quality, 4mm thick borosilicate glass, you can rest assured this bong can take a bit of rough handling.





诗
 This item just gives you that kind of confidence while high not afraid of breaking it easily.
 We promised you an Excellent product and sincere customer service! One products for free ePacket shipment. Offer wholesales,drop shipment and customer made!
 The bong is approximately 12.5cm tall and unique tower-shaped will sit on your coffee table steadily.
 The small size is also easy to carry. Standard Accessories: 1x 14mm Bowl Piece For Dry Herbs.
 A must-have item for your glass collection if you're into thick glass bongs!




High-quality Borosilicate Glass
1000℃ Welding





The Coolest Weed Devices of 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVDn21inV2A


























